docs: update README and add FAQ (#504)
apache/arrow-adbc: README.md

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-Apache%202-blue.svg)](https://github.com/apache/arrow-adbc/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

ADBC is an API standard (version 1.0.0) for database access libraries ("drivers") in C, Go, and Java that uses Arrow for result sets and query parameters.

> Instead of writing code to extract Arrow data out of each individual database, applications can build against the ADBC APIs, and link against drivers that implement the standard.

Reviewer: should we mention not just extracting but mention ingestion here too?

Additionally, a JDBC/ODBC-style driver manager is provided. This also implements the ADBC APIs, but dynamically loads drivers and dispatches calls to them.

> Like JDBC/ODBC, the goal is to provide a generic API for multiple databases.
> ADBC, however, focuses on Arrow-based data access for analytics use cases - primarily bulk data retrieval and ingestion, and not the full spectrum of use cases that JDBC/ODBC support.

Reviewer: Maybe this?

```suggestion
Like JDBC/ODBC, the goal is to provide a generic API for multiple databases. ADBC, however, is focused on bulk columnar data retrieval and ingestion through an Arrow-based API rather than attempting to replace JDBC/ODBC in all use cases.
```

Hence, ADBC is complementary to those existing standards.

Like [Arrow Flight SQL][flight-sql], ADBC is an Arrow-based way to work with databases.

> But Flight SQL is a database access _protocol_ that also defines the wire format and network transport, so it's only useful if a database specifically implements support for it.
> ADBC lets drivers wrap existing database protocols, whether Arrow-native or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, Flight SQL is a _protocol_ defining a wire format and network transport as opposed to an _API specification_. Flight SQL requires a database to specifically implement support for it, while ADBC is a client API specification for wrapping existing database protocols which could be Arrow-native or not.
```
